Model optimizataion documentation update (#11072)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/GPU.md

Selected precision of each primitive depends on the operation precision in IR, quantization primitives, and available hardware capabilities.
u1/u8/i8 data types are used for quantized operations only, i.e. those are not selected automatically for non-quantized operations.

> See For more details on how to get quantized model please refer to [Model Optimization](@ref openvino_docs_model_optimization_guide) document. for more details on how to get quantized model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on how to get a quantized model, refer to [Model Optimization](@ref openvino_docs_model_optimization_guide) document.
```
